Introduce term "identity convertible" for types that aren't the same type, but have an identity conversion (#985)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/conversions.md

> *Note*: Properly designed user-defined implicit conversions should exhibit these characteristics as well. *end note*

For the purposes of conversion, the types `object` and `dynamic` are *runtime interchangeable* (§10.2.2).

However, dynamic conversions ([§10.2.10](conversions.md#10210-implicit-dynamic-conversions) and [§10.3.8](conversions.md#1038-explicit-dynamic-conversions)) apply only to expressions of type `dynamic` ([§8.2.4](types.md#824-the-dynamic-type)).

### 10.2.2 Identity conversion

> An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type `T` or an expression of type `T` can be said to be convertible to `T` itself.

Author: change this to talk about interchangeable at runtime. (the same type or an equivalent type).

Add the identity conversions are always symetric: If there is a conversion from A to B, there is one from B to A

> An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type `T` or an expression of type `T` can be said to be convertible to `T` itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type or a type that is equivalent at runtime. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type `T` or an expression of type `T` can be said to be convertible to `T` itself.
```

> Two types are *runtime interchangeable* when an identity conversion exists between two types that not exactly the same. The following such identity conversions exist:

Author: my opinion is that "exactly" isn't need here. But, it was in the original text.

> Two types are *runtime interchangeable* when an identity conversion exists between two types that not exactly the same. The following such identity conversions exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two types are *identity convertible* when an identity conversion exists between two types. The following such identity conversions exist:
```

- Between `object` and `dynamic`.

> - Between all tuple types with the same arity, and the corresponding constructed `ValueTuple<...>` type, when an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types. Element types may themselves by tuples, where an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Between all tuple types with the same arity, and the corresponding constructed `ValueTuple<...>` type, when an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types.
```

Reviewer: Suggest: add an example with nesting and tuples.

### 10.2.2 Identity conversion

An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type or a type that is equivalent at runtime. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type `T` or an expression of type `T` can be said to be convertible to `T` itself. The following identity conversions exist:

- Between `T` and `T`, for any type `T`.
- Between `object` and `dynamic`.
- Between all tuple types with the same arity, and the corresponding constructed `ValueTuple<...>` type, when an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types.
- Between types constructed from the same generic type where there exists an identity conversion between each corresponding type argument.

> *Example*: The following illustrates the recursive nature of the third rule:
>
> <!-- Example: {template:"code-in-main-without-using", name:"IdentityTupleConversion"} -->
> ```csharp
> (int a , string b) t1 = (1, "two");
> (int c, string d) t2 = (3, "four");
> 
> // Identity conversions exist between

> > // t1, t2, and t3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> // the types of t1, t2, and t3.
```

> var t3 = (5, "six");
> t3 = t2;
> t2 = t1;
> 
> var t4 = (t1, 7);
> var t5 = (t2, 8);
> 
> // Identity conversions exist between

> > // t4, t5, and t6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> // the types of t4, t5, and t6.
```

> var t6 =((8, "eight"), 9);
> t6 = t5;
> t5 = t4;
> ```
>

> > The tuples `t1`, `t2` and `t3` all have two elements: an `int` followed by a `string`. Tuple element types may themselves by tuples, as in `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`. An identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types, including nested tuples, therefore an identity conversion exists between the tuples `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The types of tuples `t1`, `t2` and `t3` all have two elements: an `int` followed by a `string`. Tuple element types may themselves by tuples, as in `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`. An identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types, including nested tuples, therefore an identity conversion exists between the types of tuples `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`.
```

> *Note*: Properly designed user-defined implicit conversions should exhibit these characteristics as well. *end note*

For the purposes of conversion, the types `object` and `dynamic` are identity convertible (§10.2.2).

However, dynamic conversions ([§10.2.10](conversions.md#10210-implicit-dynamic-conversions) and [§10.3.8](conversions.md#1038-explicit-dynamic-conversions)) apply only to expressions of type `dynamic` ([§8.2.4](types.md#824-the-dynamic-type)).

### 10.2.2 Identity conversion

An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type or a type that is equivalent at runtime. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type `T` or an expression of type `T` can be said to be convertible to `T` itself. The following identity conversions exist:

- Between `T` and `T`, for any type `T`.
- Between `object` and `dynamic`.
- Between all tuple types with the same arity, and the corresponding constructed `ValueTuple<...>` type, when an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types.

> - Between types constructed from the same generic type where there exists an identity conversion between each corresponding type argument.

Reviewer 2: Should "same" still be here? I suspect it's okay because there are no (open) generic types with identity conversions, but I'm just checking. (I can imagine the potential in the future for this to change to "types constructed from identity convertible generic types where [...]")

Author: Should I add "...constructed from the same **closed** generic type where ..." (emphasis only in comment, not meant for a spec change).

> *Example*: The following illustrates the recursive nature of the third rule:
>
> <!-- Example: {template:"code-in-main-without-using", name:"IdentityTupleConversion" -->
> ```csharp
> (int a , string b) t1 = (1, "two");
> (int c, string d) t2 = (3, "four");
> 
> // Identity conversions exist between
> // t1, t2, and t3.
> var t3 = (5, "six");
> t3 = t2;
> t2 = t1;
> 
> var t4 = (t1, 7);
> var t5 = (t2, 8);
> 
> // Identity conversions exist between
> // t4, t5, and t6.
> var t6 =((8, "eight"), 9);
> t6 = t5;
> t5 = t4;
> ```
>
> The tuples `t1`, `t2` and `t3` all have two elements: an `int` followed by a `string`. Tuple element types may themselves by tuples, as in `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`. An identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types, including nested tuples, therefore an identity conversion exists between the tuples `t4`, `t5`, and `t6`.
>
> *end example*

> All identity conversions are symmetric. If an identity conversion exists from `E₁` to `E₂`, then an identity conversion exists from `E₂` to `E₁`. Two types are *identity convertible* when an identity conversion exists between two types.

Reviewer 2: E1 and E2 sound like expressions rather than types. Was that deliberate? If so, we probably need more clarity. Otherwise, I'd suggest just changing use T1 and T2.

Author: It should be types. Updated in next commit.

- If `F` contains an *anonymous_function_signature*, then `D` and `F` have the same number of parameters.
- If `F` does not contain an *anonymous_function_signature*, then `D` may have zero or more parameters of any type, as long as no parameter of `D` has the out parameter modifier.

> - If `F` has an explicitly typed parameter list, each parameter in `D` has the same modifiers as the corresponding parameter in `F` and an identity conversion exists between the corresponding parameter in `F` and `D`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If `F` has an explicitly typed parameter list, each parameter in `D` has the same modifiers as the corresponding parameter in `F` and an identity conversion exists between the corresponding parameter in `F`.
```
